Add documentation for default resiliency policies (#2866)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/resiliency/policies.md

        trip: consecutiveFailures > 8
```

> ## Override Default Retries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overriding default retries
```

    apps:
      appB: # app-id of the target service
        retry: retryForever
```

> ## Setting Default Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting default policies
```

> In resiliency you can set default policies, which can have a broader scope. This is done through reserved keywords that let Dapr know when to apply the given policy. There are 3 default policies types: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In resiliency you can set default policies, which have a broad scope. This is done through reserved keywords that let Dapr know when to apply the policy. There are 3 default policies types: 
```

- DefaultRetryPolicy
- DefaultTimeoutPolicy
- DefaultCircuitBreakerPolicy

> If these policies are defined, they would be used for every operation to a service, application, or component. They can also be modified to be more specific through the usage of additional keywords. The specific policies follow the following pattern, `Default%sRetryPolicy`, `Default%sTimeoutPolicy`, and `Default%sCircuitBreakerPolicy`. Where the `%s` is replaced by the new target of the policy. Below you can see a table of all possible default policy keywords and how they translate into a policy name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If these policies are defined, they are used for every operation to a service, application, or component. They can also be modified to be more specific through the appending of additional keywords. The specific policies follow the following pattern, `Default%sRetryPolicy`, `Default%sTimeoutPolicy`, and `Default%sCircuitBreakerPolicy`. Where the `%s` is replaced by a target of the policy. 

Below is a table of all possible default policy keywords and how they translate into a policy name.
```

> | Keyword                        | Target Operation                                     | Example Policy Name                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Keyword                        | Target Operation                                     | Policy Name                                       |
```

Author: I kept this as `Example` because it isn't a complete list of all possible names. Just an example of how that keyword applies into the names. If you still think I should remove example, let me know. Or I can add the complete list of everything, but my concern there was that it would be a large number and people may just glaze over while reading it.

| PubsubComponentOutbound        | All outbound pubusub (publish) component operations. | DefaultPubsubComponentOutboundRetryPolicy                 |
| PubsubComponentInbound         | All inbound pubsub (subscribe) component operations. | DefaultPubsubComponentInboundTimeoutPolicy                |
| BindingComponentOutbound       | All outbound binding (invoke) component operations.  | DefaultBindingComponentOutboundCircuitBreakerPolicy       |
| BindingComponentInbound        | All inbound binding (read) component operations.     | DefaultBindingComponentInboundRetryPolicy                 |
| SecretstoreComponentOutbound   | All secretstore component operations.                | DefaultSecretstoreComponentTimeoutPolicy                  |
| ConfigurationComponentOutbound | All configuration component operations.              | DefaultConfigurationComponentOutboundCircuitBreakerPolicy |
| LockComponentOutbound          | All lock component operations.                       | DefaultLockComponentOutboundRetryPolicy                   | 

> ### Policy Hierarchy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Policy hierarchy resolution
```

> Default policies are applied if the operation being executed matches the policy type and if there is no more specific policy targeting it. For each target type (app, actor, and component), the policy with the highest priority is a Named Policy, one that targets that construct specifically. If none exists, the policies are applied from most specific to most broad. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default policies are applied if the operation being executed matches the policy type and if there is no more specific policy targeting it. For each target type (app, actor, and component), the policy with the highest priority is a Named Policy, one that targets that construct specifically.

 If none exists, the policies are applied from most specific to most broad. 
```

> In the specific case of the [built-in retries]({{< ref "policies.md#Override Default Retries" >}}), default policies do not stop the built-in policies from running. In fact, both will be used but only under very specific circumstances. For service and actor invocation, the built-in retries deal specifically with issues connecting to the remote sidecar (if needed). As these are very important to the stability of Dapr, they are not disabled until a named policy is specifically referenced for an operation. So, in some rare instances, there may be additional retries but this stops an overly weak default policy from reducing the sidecar's availability/success rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How default policies and built-in retries work together

In the case of the [built-in retries]({{< ref "policies.md#Override Default Retries" >}}), default policies do not stop the built-in retry policies from running. Both are used together but only under specific circumstances.
 
For service and actor invocation, the built-in retries deal specifically with issues connecting to the remote sidecar (when needed). As these are important to the stability of the Dapr runtime, they are not disabled **unless** a named policy is specifically referenced for an operation. In some instances, there may be additional retries from both the built-in retry and the default retry policy, but this prevents an overly weak default policy from reducing the sidecar's availability/success rate. 
```

> For applications, this yields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policy resolution hierarchy for applications, from most specific to most broad:
```

1. Named Policies in App Targets
2. Default App Policies / Built-In Service Retries
3. Default Policies / Built-In Service Retries

> For actors, this yields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policy resolution hierarchy for actors, from most specific to most broad:
```

1. Named Policies in Actor Targets
2. Default Actor Policies / Built-In Actor Retries
3. Default Policies / Built-In Actor Retries

> For components, this yields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policy resolution hierarchy for components, from most specific to most broad:
```

1. Named Policies in Component Targets
2. Default Component Type + Component Direction Policies / Built-In Actor Reminder Retries (if applicable)
3. Default Component Direction Policies / Built-In Actor Reminder Retries (if applicable)
4. Default Component Policies / Built-In Actor Reminder Retries (if applicable)
5. Default Policies / Built-In Actor Reminder Retries (if applicable)

> As an example, take the following system definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, take the following solution consisting of three applications, three components and two actor types:
```

Applications:
- AppA
- AppB
- AppC

Components:
- Redis Pubsub: pubsub

> - Redis statestore: statestore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Redis statestore: A key/value statestore
```

Author: This was actually the name of the component so it could be referenced in the resiliency doc. I'll try and make that more clear.

> - CosmosDB Statestore: actorstore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CosmosDB Statestore: An actor store
```

Author: This was actually the name of the component so it could be referenced in the resiliency doc. I'll try and make that more clear.

Actors:
- EventActor
- SummaryActor

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is policy that uses both default and named policies as applies these to the targets.

```yaml
```

spec:
  policies:
    retries:
      # Global Retry Policy
      DefaultRetryPolicy:
        policy: constant
        duration: 1s
        maxRetries: 3
      
      # Global Retry Policy for Apps
      DefaultAppRetryPolicy:
        policy: constant
        duration: 100ms
        maxRetries: 5

      # Global Retry Policy for Apps
      DefaultActorRetryPolicy:
        policy: exponential
        maxInterval: 15s
        maxRetries: 10

      # Global Retry Policy for Inbound Component operations
      DefaultComponentInboundRetryPolicy:
        policy: constant
        duration: 5s
        maxRetries: 5

      # Global Retry Policy for Statestores
      DefaultStatestoreComponentOutboundRetryPolicy:
        policy: exponential
        maxInterval: 60s
        maxRetries: -1

>       fastRetries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # Named policy
      fastRetries:
```

        policy: constant
        duration: 10ms
        maxRetries: 3

>       retryForever:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # Named policy
      retryForever:
```

        policy: exponential
        maxInterval: 10s
        maxRetries: -1

  targets:
    apps:
      appA:
        retry: fastRetries

      appB:
        retry: retryForever
    
    actors:
      EventActor:
        retry: retryForever

    components:
      actorstore:
        retry: fastRetries
```

> Below is an outline of which policies are used when attempting to call various members of the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below is a break down of which policies are applied when attempting to call the various targets in this solution.
```

| Target             | Policy Used                                     |
| ------------------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| AppA               | fastRetries                                     |
| AppB               | retryForever                                    |

> | AppC               | DefaultAppRetryPolicy / DaprBuiltInActorRetries |

Reviewer: How do I know above that AppC uses actors? You need to say this.

Author: I'll make that clear.

    apps:
      appB: # app-id of the target service
        retry: retryForever
```

> #### Utilize Generic Policies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Setting Default Policies
```

> Dapr Resiliency also lets you define policies that can have a broader scope than the standard ones defined above. This is done through the usage of keywords that let Dapr know when to apply the given policy. There are 3 base policies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In resiliency you can set default policies, which can have a broader scope. This is done through reserved keywords that let Dapr know when to apply the given policy. There are 3 default policies types: 
```

| StatestoreComponentOutbound    | All statestore component operations.                 | DefaultStatestoreComponentOutboundPolicy    | 
| PubsubComponentOutbound        | All outbound pubusub (publish) component operations. | DefaultPubsubComponentOutboundPolicy        | 
| PubsubComponentInbound         | All inbound pubsub (subscribe) component operations. | DefaultPubsubComponentInboundPolicy         | 
| BindingComponentOutbound       | All outbound binding (invoke) component operations.  | DefaultBindingComponentOutboundPolicy       | 
| BindingComponentInbound        | All inbound binding (read) component operations.     | DefaultBindingComponentInboundPolicy        | 
| SecretstoreComponentOutbound   | All secretstore component operations.                | DefaultSecretstoreComponentPolicy           | 
| ConfigurationComponentOutbound | All configuration component operations.              | DefaultConfigurationComponentOutboundPolicy | 
| LockComponentOutbound          | All lock component operations.                       | DefaultLockComponentOutboundPolicy          | 

> For all generic policies, they will only be used if the operation being executed matches the policy and if there is no more specific policy targeting it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Default policies are applied if the operation being executed matches the policy type and if there is no more specific policy targeting it.
```

For example, we have a system with 3 applications, AppA, AppB, and AppC. The following resiliency configuration is applied to the cluster:

```yaml
spec:
  policies:
    retries:
      DefaultRetryPolicy:
        policy: constant
        duration: 5s
        maxRetries: 10
      
      fastRetries:
        policy: constant
        duration: 1s
        maxRetries: 3

      retryForever:
        policy: exponential
        maxInterval: 15s
        maxRetries: -1 # Retry indefinitely

  targets:
    apps:
      appA:
        retry: fastRetries

      appB:
        retry: retryForever
```

> In this scenario, when AppA is called, the `fastRetries` policy will be used. For AppB, `retryForever` will be used. Finally, when calling AppC, `DefaultRetryPolicy` will be called even though it was never applied via a target.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this scenario, when AppA is called, the `fastRetries` policy is used. For AppB, `retryForever` is used. Finally, when calling AppC, `DefaultRetryPolicy` is called even though it was never applied to a target.
```
